We can national list of movie posters and the title of each respective movie.
It's now all we really have to do.
Believe it or not is kind of work on the styling a little bit.
In particular we need to make sure that all these images are small.
They show up next to their titles and that they all appear in a kind of menu directly underneath that
little input right there.
But to do so we're going to use some SS that is included inside of this project.
Remember at the very start of the section that we downloaded a boilerplate project wired up inside this
project is a CSX framework called Belmont CSX almost the SS has a collection of different CSX rules
that allow you to very quickly style an application.
We're going to take a look at a component where essentially a set of CSX rules that are going to allow
us to a very quickly turn the content that we have right here into what we're really looking for it's
going to open up a new browser tab and navigate to this documentation OK.
So if we go down on the left hand side just a little bit we'll see a demo of what they call a dropdown.
Now you might look at this and say Steven we're not making a dropdown we're making kind of an autocomplete
thing.
Yes that's correct.
But we can kind of use some the CSX that's been implemented to make this dropdown to kind of leverage
it for what we are trying to create.
So the only effective difference between what you see right here and what we are trying to make is the
fact that we want to show a text input right there instead of a button.
They have a button.
We just want to have a text input so we can very easily swap that out to get something like what you
see right here.
All we really have to do is replicate that each symbol structure that they have over here on the right
hand side.
Now I'm not going to ask you to like read over all that CSX and memorize it.
Instead let's go back over to our project.
We're going to write in some of the CSX you see right here directly to our e-mail file and I'll show
you how quickly and easily we can replicate something that looks like that okay.
So back over I'm gonna find my index not a single file.
I'm going to go down to the very bottom and I'm gonna find my input element right above that input element.
I'm going to add in a new div
with a class of dropdown and is Dash active I'M GONNA PUT THE CLOSING div on the other side of the input
so this div right here is going to wrap our input element then immediately after that I'm gonna create
another div with a class of dropdown dash menu I'll close it off inside of there I'm going to create
another div with the class of dropdown dash content flows that went off.
Then finally I'm going to make a couple of anchor tags so in a. tag like so with a class of dropdown
item I'll then close off the anchor tag and inside the anchor tag I'll put in movie number one and then
I'm going to copy paste that anchor tag twice like so and just update the text so all I'm doing here
is using the same each symbol that we just saw inside the Bowman documentation by using the same each
CML at the same class names all the bonus the SS rules that are include inside this project are going
to kick in effect and try to style this block of H all right here.
So even though we're not trying to create a dropdown per say we can still leverage that set of CSX rules
for styling our application yes I'm gonna save this know flip back over refresh and now I see at least
what kind of looks like a menu right here of sorts.
I know it's like pushed up against the left hand side but it kind of looks like what we're going for.
I've got a list of items I can kind of hover over them when I hover over them I get that nice little
pointer cursor thing like with the hand with the little finger and so it's very evident to a user that
I can click on this.
So all you and I really have to do now is instead of showing these anchor tags that say movie number
one two and three we need to just take our movie images.
So like the poster and movie title and stick it into this anchor tag and then everything should essentially
show up correctly and nicely styled in our application.
So now we understand what our goal is in the short term.
Let's take a quick pause because there is something to kind of think about on how we approach this problem.
It's a quick pause and we'll discuss a little interesting side topic in the next video.